update several 'CREATE' related statement (#2861)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-create-table-like.md

Empty set (0.00 sec)
```

> ## Presplit region

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pre-split Region
```

> The table built with `CREATE TABLE LIKE` inherits the attribute `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS`. When creating a table, the region on the new table will be split. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the table to be copied is defined with the `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` attribute, the table created using the `CREATE TABLE LIKE` statement inherits this `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` attribute, and the Region on the new table will be split. For details of `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS`, see [`CREATE TABLE` Statement](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-table.md)。
```

> 如果被复制的表定义了 `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS` 属性，则通过 `CREATE TABLE LIKE` 语句复制的表，会继承该属性并在建表时预切分 Region。For details of `PRE_SPLIT_REGIONS`, see [`CREATE TABLE` Statement](/sql-statements/sql-statement-create-table.md)。

Reviewer: Please remove this Chinese passage.
